Bytecode difference caused by SSA transform (#14968)
ethereum/solidity: Changelog.md

Bugfixes:
 * SMTChecker: Fix internal error when using bitwise operators with an array element as argument.

>  * Yul Optimizer: Fix ``SSATransform`` step that would sometimes cause non-deterministic output in cases where one or more unused contracts were added to the compilation pipeline.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * Yul Optimizer: Fix the order of assignments generated by ``SSATransform`` being dependent on AST IDs, sometimes resulting in different (but equivalent) bytecode when unrelated files were added to the compilation pipeline.
 ```
